docs: add docs on GPU support (#1174)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/deployment.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Using GPUs

If the cluster is [configured for GPU usage](./getting-started/bare-metal.md#preparing-a-cluster-for-gpu-usage), Pods can optionally be facilitated with GPU devices.

> To do so, a CDI annotation needs to be added, specifying to use the `pgpu` (**p**assthrough **GPU**) mode. The `0` corresponds to the PCI device index. For nodes with a single GPU, this should always be `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, a CDI annotation needs to be added, specifying to use the `pgpu` (passthrough GPU) mode. The `0` corresponds to the PCI device index. For nodes with a single GPU, this should always be `0`.
```
nit: obvious acronym construction doesn't need to be highlighted

For nodes with more than one GPU, this needs to be adjusted by the order the devices are enumerated in on the PCI bus. This can be found by checking the `/var/run/cdi/nvidia.com-pgpu.yaml` file on the node in question.

As the footprint of a GPU-enabled pod-VM is larger than one of a non-GPU one, the memory of the pod-VM can be adjusted by using the `io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.default_memory` annotation, which receives the memory the

> VM should receive in MiB. The example below sets it to 16 GB.

Author: Do you find the current wording better? I'm not a 100% happy with it yet.

> VM should receive in MiB. The example below sets it to 16 GB.

Reviewer 2: Do we know what the image alone will consume in GBs?

> VM should receive in MiB. The example below sets it to 16 GB.

Author: Will need to check, but simple calculations don't add up anyway here, because the container image is being held multiple times (e.g. packed, unpacked) inside the pod-VM. So you can't just say: My Container image is size X, add that to base size Y of the pod-VM image, and I'll get the resulting size Z i need to put in here. That's why I'd personally rather lean towards giving a rough minimum estimate.

> VM should receive in MiB. The example below sets it to 16 GB.

Reviewer 2: Fair. Then this is fine with me.

```yaml
metadata:
  # ...
  annotations:
    # ...
    cdi.k8s.io/gpu: "nvidia.com/pgpu=0"
    io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.default_memory: "16384"
```

Additionally, the container within the pod that should receive the GPU device needs to have a device request, specifying how many of each GPU the workload should receive. Here, the identifiers obtained when
[deploying the NVIDIA GPU Operator](./getting-started/bare-metal.md#preparing-a-cluster-for-gpu-usage) need to be used. The example facilitates the container with a single NVIDIA H100 GPU.

> Finally, the environment variable `NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` needs to be set to `all` so that the container is facilitated with additional GPU utilities from the pod-VM, such as the CUDA libraries required to
> run GPU workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, the environment variable `NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` must be set to `all` to grant the container access to GPU utilities provided by the pod-VM. This includes essential tools like CUDA libraries, which are required for running GPU workloads effectively.
```

Author: I cut out "effectively" here, as it's required for virtually any GPU workload.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Using GPUs

If the cluster is [configured for GPU usage](./getting-started/bare-metal.md#preparing-a-cluster-for-gpu-usage), Pods can use GPU devices if needed.

> To do so, a CDI annotation needs to be added, specifying to use the `pgpu` (passthrough GPU) mode. The `0` corresponds to the PCI device index.

Reviewer 3: > The `0` corresponds to the PCI device index.

which 0? maybe move the code snippet up.

Author: I see your point when reading this as Markdown, but in the docs it's quite near by. I wouldn't know where to move the code snippet here.

* For nodes with a single GPU, this value is always `0`.
* For nodes with multiple GPUs, the value needs to correspond to the device's order as enumerated on the PCI bus. You can identify this order by inspecting the `/var/run/cdi/nvidia.com-pgpu.yaml` file on the specific node.

This process ensures the correct GPU is allocated to the workload.

> As the footprint of a GPU-enabled pod-VM is larger than one of a non-GPU one, the memory of the pod-VM can be adjusted by using the `io.katacontainers.config.hypervisor.default_memory` annotation, which receives the memory the

Reviewer 3: afaik this annotation should only cover the guest os & kata components, not the gpu workload itself (workload memory is adjusted using resource limits). So I don't get why we need 8/16GB here.

Author: This is the memory alloted to the VM. I don't know what you mean exactly here. Trying to start a GPU VM with e.g. 4GB of memory fails while starting up the VM.
